stories/1-Declarative Components/Dropdown/Dropdown.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as DropdownStories from './Dropdown.stories';

<Meta of={DropdownStories} />

# Dropdown

A custom dropdown component which supports both single and multi-select.

<div>{DropdownStories.Variants.render()}</div>

```jsx
import { Dropdown, MenuItem } from 'no-frills-ui';

//render
<Dropdown label="Choose a fruit" required multiSelect>
    <MenuItem value="apple">Apple</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="banana">Banana</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="mango">Mango</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="orange">Ornage</MenuItem>
</Dropdown>;
```

## Props

<Controls of={DropdownStories.Primary} />

## Accessibility

The Dropdown component is designed to be accessible and WCAG 2.1 AA compliant.

### Keyboard Interaction

- **Focus**: Use `Tab` to move focus to the Dropdown trigger.
- **Open**: Press `Enter`, `Space`, `ArrowDown`, or `ArrowUp` to open the options menu.
- **Navigate**: Use `ArrowDown` and `ArrowUp` to move focus between options.
- **Select**: Press `Enter` or `Space` to select the currently focused option.
- **Close**: Press `Escape` to close the menu without selecting. Focus returns to the trigger.

### Screen Readers

- **Role**: The trigger has `role="combobox"` and the menu has `role="listbox"`.
- **State**: `aria-expanded` indicates if the menu is open. `aria-haspopup` indicates availability of a popup menu.
- **Read-only**: The input trigger is `readOnly` to prevent entering arbitrary text, acting purely as a selection trigger.

Commit message:

Implementing `ref` forwarding in all the components (#34)
* Setup prop and ref forwarding in Accordion

* Setup ref forwarding for Badge component

* Setup ref forwarding for Buttons and Card components

* Setup ref forwarding for checkbox component

* Setup ref forwarding for chip component

* Setup ChipInput ref forwarding

* Setup ref forwarding for DragAndDrop Component

* Setup Ref forwarding for LayerManager

* Setup ref forwarding for Drawer element

* Setup Ref forwarding for Group Component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for dropdown component

* Used prop destructuring

* Setup ref forwarding for Input component

* Setup ref forwarding for Menu and MenuItem components

* Setup ref forwarding for Modal component

* Remove prop-types usage in dialogs

* Updated Modal docs

* Removed prop-types form Notification and Toast

* Setup ref and prop forwarding for Popover element.

* Setup ref forwarding for Radio component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for RadioButton Component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for Select component

* Setup ref forwarding for Spinner Component

* Setup ref forwarding for Stepper and Step components

* Setup props and ref forwarding for Tabs component

* Setup ref forwarding for Textarea component

* Setup ref forwarding for Toggle component

* Removed prop-types from dependency

* Setup ref forwarding for Tooltip Component

* Updated doc

* Addressed copilot comments

* Addressed copilot's comments

* 0.0.14-alpha.9

* Enabled corepack in all github actions

* 0.0.14-alpha.10

* Addressed copilot's comments

* Fixed esm exports

* Update size check for for all esm exports

* Fix imports

* 0.0.14-alpha.11

stories/1-Declarative Components/Dropdown/Dropdown.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as DropdownStories from './Dropdown.stories';

<Meta of={DropdownStories} />

# Dropdown

A custom dropdown component which supports both single and multi-select.

<div>{DropdownStories.Variants.render()}</div>

```jsx
import { Dropdown, MenuItem } from 'no-frills-ui';

//render
<Dropdown label="Choose a fruit" required multiSelect>
    <MenuItem value="apple">Apple</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="banana">Banana</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="mango">Mango</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="orange">Ornage</MenuItem>
</Dropdown>;
```

## Props and Ref

The `props` and `ref` are forwarded to the native `input` element. Following are the additional `props`
that are added on top of `HTMLInputElement`.

<Controls of={DropdownStories.Primary} />

## Accessibility

The Dropdown component is designed to be accessible and WCAG 2.1 AA compliant.

### Keyboard Interaction

- **Focus**: Use `Tab` to move focus to the Dropdown trigger.
- **Open**: Press `Enter`, `Space`, `ArrowDown`, or `ArrowUp` to open the options menu.
- **Navigate**: Use `ArrowDown` and `ArrowUp` to move focus between options.
- **Select**: Press `Enter` or `Space` to select the currently focused option.
- **Close**: Press `Escape` to close the menu without selecting. Focus returns to the trigger.

### Screen Readers

- **Role**: The trigger has `role="combobox"` and the menu has `role="listbox"`.
- **State**: `aria-expanded` indicates if the menu is open. `aria-haspopup` indicates availability of a popup menu.
- **Read-only**: The input trigger is `readOnly` to prevent entering arbitrary text, acting purely as a selection trigger.
