stories/1-Declarative Components/DragAndDrop/DragAndDrop.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as DragAndDropStories from './DragAndDrop.stories';

<Meta of={DragAndDropStories} />

# DragAndDrop

`DragAndDrop` is a controlled component and will require `onDrop` prop to function properly.
It can be used to create a re-arrangeable list. It supports both vertical and horizontal orientation for the list.

Additionally, there is a `showIndicator` prop which shows an indicator against the component and the list item
can only be dragged using this indicator when this prop is set to true. This can be used in case the item to be dragged
has some mouse events of its own and we require an explicit user input for drag to handle such case.

> **Limitation**: Currently drag across list is not supported.

**Vertical Layout**

<Canvas of={DragAndDropStories.VerticalLayout} className="canvas-background-alternate" />

**Horizontal Layout**

<Canvas of={DragAndDropStories.HorizontalLayout} className="canvas-background-alternate" />

**Horizontal Layout with indicators**

<Canvas of={DragAndDropStories.HorizontalWithIndicators} className="canvas-background-alternate" />

```jsx
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import { DragAndDrop, ORIENTATION } from 'no-frills-ui';

export default function DragAndDropDemo(prop) {
    const [items, setItems] = useState(['Item #1', 'Item #2', 'Item #3', 'Item #4', 'Item #5']);

    const onDrop = (start, end) => {
        // Clone existing elements
        const newItems = [...items];
        // Remove the element to be moved
        const item = newItems.splice(start, 1);
        // Add it back at the required position
        newItems.splice(end, 0, item[0]);
        // Update
        setItems(newItems);
    };

    return (
        <DragAndDrop orientation={ORIENTATION.VERTICAL} onDrop={onDrop}>
            {items.map((item) => (
                <div>{item}</div>
            ))}
        </DragAndDrop>
    );
}
```

## Props

<Controls of={DragAndDropStories.Primary} />

## CSS Variables used

| Variable Name          | Description                                        |
| :--------------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `--nfui-disabled`      | Used for `color`.                                  |
| `--nfui-primary`       | Used for focus `box-shadow` and drop zone borders. |
| `--nfui-primary-light` | Used for focus `box-shadow`.                       |

## Accessibility

This component meets **WCAG 2.1 Level AA** standards.

### Keyboard Navigation

- **Tab**: Navigate to items
- **Space**: Grab/drop item
- **Arrow Keys** (while grabbed): Move item up/down or left/right
- **Enter** (while grabbed): Drop at current position
- **Escape** (while grabbed): Cancel and restore to original position

### Screen Reader Support

- **Semantic Structure**: List presented with `role="list"` and `role="listitem"`
- **Descriptive Labels**: Each item announces position and keyboard instructions
- **Live Announcements**: Real-time feedback for grab, move, drop, and cancel actions
- **Drag State**: `aria-grabbed` indicates when an item is being dragged

### Visual Feedback

- **Focus Indicator**: Clear box-shadow on keyboard focus
- **Drop Zones**: Dashed borders show where item will be dropped
- **Dragging State**: 50% opacity while item is being moved

### Internationalization (i18n)

All announcements and labels support customization with auto-injecting keyboard key names:

**Available Props:**

- `itemAriaLabelTemplate` - Item aria-label with instructions
- `dragHandleAriaLabel` - Drag handle label (when `showIndicator` is true)
- `grabbedAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when item is grabbed
- `movedAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when item position changes
- `droppedAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when item is dropped
- `cancelledAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when drag is cancelled

**Placeholders:**

- `{:position}` - Item position number
- `{:grabKey}`, `{:dropKey}`, `{:altDropKey}`, `{:cancelKey}` - Auto-inject keyboard keys
- `{:moveKeys}` - Orientation-aware arrow key names

Example with Spanish:

```tsx
<DragAndDrop
    orientation={ORIENTATION.VERTICAL}
    onDrop={onDrop}
    itemAriaLabelTemplate="Elemento {:position}. Presiona {:grabKey} para agarrar, {:moveKeys} para mover"
    grabbedAnnouncementTemplate="Elemento {:position} agarrado. Usa {:moveKeys} para mover, {:dropKey} para soltar, {:cancelKey} para cancelar"
    movedAnnouncementTemplate="Elemento movido a posición {:position}"
/>
```

Commit message:

Implementing `ref` forwarding in all the components (#34)
* Setup prop and ref forwarding in Accordion

* Setup ref forwarding for Badge component

* Setup ref forwarding for Buttons and Card components

* Setup ref forwarding for checkbox component

* Setup ref forwarding for chip component

* Setup ChipInput ref forwarding

* Setup ref forwarding for DragAndDrop Component

* Setup Ref forwarding for LayerManager

* Setup ref forwarding for Drawer element

* Setup Ref forwarding for Group Component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for dropdown component

* Used prop destructuring

* Setup ref forwarding for Input component

* Setup ref forwarding for Menu and MenuItem components

* Setup ref forwarding for Modal component

* Remove prop-types usage in dialogs

* Updated Modal docs

* Removed prop-types form Notification and Toast

* Setup ref and prop forwarding for Popover element.

* Setup ref forwarding for Radio component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for RadioButton Component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for Select component

* Setup ref forwarding for Spinner Component

* Setup ref forwarding for Stepper and Step components

* Setup props and ref forwarding for Tabs component

* Setup ref forwarding for Textarea component

* Setup ref forwarding for Toggle component

* Removed prop-types from dependency

* Setup ref forwarding for Tooltip Component

* Updated doc

* Addressed copilot comments

* Addressed copilot's comments

* 0.0.14-alpha.9

* Enabled corepack in all github actions

* 0.0.14-alpha.10

* Addressed copilot's comments

* Fixed esm exports

* Update size check for for all esm exports

* Fix imports

* 0.0.14-alpha.11

stories/1-Declarative Components/DragAndDrop/DragAndDrop.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as DragAndDropStories from './DragAndDrop.stories';

<Meta of={DragAndDropStories} />

# DragAndDrop

`DragAndDrop` is a controlled component and will require `onDrop` prop to function properly.
It can be used to create a re-arrangeable list. It supports both vertical and horizontal orientation for the list.

Additionally, there is a `showIndicator` prop which shows an indicator against the component and the list item
can only be dragged using this indicator when this prop is set to true. This can be used in case the item to be dragged
has some mouse events of its own and we require an explicit user input for drag to handle such case.

> **Limitation**: Currently drag across list is not supported.

**Vertical Layout**

<Canvas of={DragAndDropStories.VerticalLayout} className="canvas-background-alternate" />

**Horizontal Layout**

<Canvas of={DragAndDropStories.HorizontalLayout} className="canvas-background-alternate" />

**Horizontal Layout with indicators**

<Canvas of={DragAndDropStories.HorizontalWithIndicators} className="canvas-background-alternate" />

```jsx
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import { DragAndDrop, ORIENTATION } from 'no-frills-ui';

export default function DragAndDropDemo(prop) {
    const [items, setItems] = useState(['Item #1', 'Item #2', 'Item #3', 'Item #4', 'Item #5']);

    const onDrop = (start, end) => {
        // Clone existing elements
        const newItems = [...items];
        // Remove the element to be moved
        const item = newItems.splice(start, 1);
        // Add it back at the required position
        newItems.splice(end, 0, item[0]);
        // Update
        setItems(newItems);
    };

    return (
        <DragAndDrop orientation={ORIENTATION.VERTICAL} onDrop={onDrop}>
            {items.map((item) => (
                <div>{item}</div>
            ))}
        </DragAndDrop>
    );
}
```

## Props and Ref

The `props` and `ref` to `DragAndDrop` is forwarded to the native `HTMLDivElement`.
Following are the props that are added on top of `HTMLDivElement`.

<Controls of={DragAndDropStories.Primary} />

## CSS Variables used

| Variable Name          | Description                                        |
| :--------------------- | :------------------------------------------------- |
| `--nfui-disabled`      | Used for `color`.                                  |
| `--nfui-primary`       | Used for focus `box-shadow` and drop zone borders. |
| `--nfui-primary-light` | Used for focus `box-shadow`.                       |

## Accessibility

This component meets **WCAG 2.1 Level AA** standards.

### Keyboard Navigation

- **Tab**: Navigate to items
- **Space**: Grab/drop item
- **Arrow Keys** (while grabbed): Move item up/down or left/right
- **Enter** (while grabbed): Drop at current position
- **Escape** (while grabbed): Cancel and restore to original position

### Screen Reader Support

- **Semantic Structure**: List presented with `role="list"` and `role="listitem"`
- **Descriptive Labels**: Each item announces position and keyboard instructions
- **Live Announcements**: Real-time feedback for grab, move, drop, and cancel actions
- **Drag State**: `aria-grabbed` indicates when an item is being dragged

### Visual Feedback

- **Focus Indicator**: Clear box-shadow on keyboard focus
- **Drop Zones**: Dashed borders show where item will be dropped
- **Dragging State**: 50% opacity while item is being moved

### Internationalization (i18n)

All announcements and labels support customization with auto-injecting keyboard key names:

**Available Props:**

- `itemAriaLabelTemplate` - Item aria-label with instructions
- `dragHandleAriaLabel` - Drag handle label (when `showIndicator` is true)
- `grabbedAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when item is grabbed
- `movedAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when item position changes
- `droppedAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when item is dropped
- `cancelledAnnouncementTemplate` - Announcement when drag is cancelled

**Placeholders:**

- `{:position}` - Item position number
- `{:grabKey}`, `{:dropKey}`, `{:altDropKey}`, `{:cancelKey}` - Auto-inject keyboard keys
- `{:moveKeys}` - Orientation-aware arrow key names

Example with Spanish:

```tsx
<DragAndDrop
    orientation={ORIENTATION.VERTICAL}
    onDrop={onDrop}
    itemAriaLabelTemplate="Elemento {:position}. Presiona {:grabKey} para agarrar, {:moveKeys} para mover"
    grabbedAnnouncementTemplate="Elemento {:position} agarrado. Usa {:moveKeys} para mover, {:dropKey} para soltar, {:cancelKey} para cancelar"
    movedAnnouncementTemplate="Elemento movido a posición {:position}"
/>
```
