stories/0-Get Started/2-Theming.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Get Started/Theming" />

# Theming

I used CSS variables to style each component with a fallback value. What this means is that you can directly use the
component without any theming if you like the blue theme that I followed. Or you can choose to override them by
setting values to each of these variable in `:root` selector.

**Example**
```css
:root {
    --primary: darkorange;
    --primary-light: orange;
}
```

Further, these variables can also be overriden at a block level.

**Example**
```css
.block {
    --primary: darkgreen;
    --primary-light: green;
}
```

You can also style each component by passing a `style` prop or if you like you can set a `className` and then override
style to these class. This should work fine for small tweaks like overriding `width` of the component. But if you want
to do it for a lot of styles, your code quality may take a hit. For such cases refer our
[extending styles guide](/?path=/docs/get-started-extending-styles--page).

### Variables

<table>
    <thead>
        <th>Variable Name</th><th width="120">Default Value</th>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--primary</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#2283d2', color: '#fff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#2283d2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--primary-light</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#64baff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#64baff</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--primary-lighter</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#cfe9ff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#cfe9ff</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--error</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#d63b3b', color: '#fff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#d63b3b</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--error-light</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#f1a5a5', textAlign: 'center' }}>#f1a5a5</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--background</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#ffffff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#ffffff</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--border-color</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#555555', color: '#fff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#555555</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

Theming compelete with demo on CodeSandbox :muscle:

stories/0-Get Started/2-Theming.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Get Started/Theming" />

# Theming

I used CSS variables to style each component with a fallback value. What this means is that you can directly use the
component without any theming if you like the blue theme that I followed. Or you can choose to override them by
setting values to each of these variable in `:root` selector.

**Example**
```css
:root {
    --primary: darkorange;
    --primary-light: orange;
}
```

Further, these variables can also be overriden at a block level.

**Example**
```css
.block {
    --primary: darkgreen;
    --primary-light: green;
}
```

You can also style each component by passing a `style` prop or if you like you can set a `className` and then override
style to these class. This should work fine for small tweaks like overriding `width` of the component. But if you want
to do it for a lot of styles, your code quality may take a hit. For such cases refer our
[extending styles guide](/?path=/docs/get-started-extending-styles--page).

> ### CodeSandbox
>
> URL: [https://codesandbox.io/s/theming-etdbq?file=/src/ItemCard.js](https://codesandbox.io/s/theming-etdbq?file=/src/ItemCard.js)
>
> It showcases following features:
> - How easy it is to apply custom theme to the components at various levels.
> - Each component plays nicely with one another and can be customized easily.
> - The DOM is also comparitively clean as only required nodes are mounted.

### Variables

<table>
    <thead>
        <th>Variable Name</th><th width="120">Default Value</th>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--primary</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#2283d2', color: '#fff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#2283d2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--primary-light</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#64baff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#64baff</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--primary-lighter</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#cfe9ff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#cfe9ff</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--error</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#d63b3b', color: '#fff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#d63b3b</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--error-light</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#f1a5a5', textAlign: 'center' }}>#f1a5a5</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--background</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#ffffff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#ffffff</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td><pre>--border-color</pre></td>
            <td style={{ backgroundColor: '#555555', color: '#fff', textAlign: 'center' }}>#555555</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>
