stories/1-Declarative Components/Menu/Menu.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as MenuStories from './Menu.stories';

<Meta of={MenuStories} />

# Menu

A component to render a single or multi-select menu. The value is a string (in case of single select) or
an array (in case of multi-select).

In case there are too many items to be rendered inside a menu, the `Menu` component can contain a virtualizer
like `react-window` which can then render `MenuItem` to ensure performance.

<Canvas of={MenuStories.Variants} className="canvas-background" />

```jsx
import { Menu, MenuItem } from 'no-frills-ui';

//render
<Menu>
    <MenuItem value="apple">Apple</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="orange">Orange</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="mango">Mango</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="Banana">Banana</MenuItem>
</Menu>;
```

## Props of `Menu`

<Controls of={MenuStories.MenuProps} />

## Props of `MenuItem`

<Controls of={MenuStories.MenuItemProps} />

## CSS Variables Used

| Variable Name               | Description                                              |
| :-------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--nfui-border-light-color` | Used for `border-bottom` and `background-color` (hover). |
| `--nfui-text-color-dark`    | Used for text `color`.                                   |
| `--nfui-text-color-dark`    | Used for `border-color`.                                 |

## Accessibility

### ARIA Roles

- The `Menu` component uses `role="listbox"`.
- Each `MenuItem` uses `role="option"`.

### Keyboard Support

- **ArrowDown**: Move focus to the next item.
- **ArrowUp**: Move focus to the previous item.
- **Home**: Move focus to the first item.
- **End**: Move focus to the last item.
- **Enter / Space**: Select the focused item.

Commit message:

Implementing `ref` forwarding in all the components (#34)
* Setup prop and ref forwarding in Accordion

* Setup ref forwarding for Badge component

* Setup ref forwarding for Buttons and Card components

* Setup ref forwarding for checkbox component

* Setup ref forwarding for chip component

* Setup ChipInput ref forwarding

* Setup ref forwarding for DragAndDrop Component

* Setup Ref forwarding for LayerManager

* Setup ref forwarding for Drawer element

* Setup Ref forwarding for Group Component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for dropdown component

* Used prop destructuring

* Setup ref forwarding for Input component

* Setup ref forwarding for Menu and MenuItem components

* Setup ref forwarding for Modal component

* Remove prop-types usage in dialogs

* Updated Modal docs

* Removed prop-types form Notification and Toast

* Setup ref and prop forwarding for Popover element.

* Setup ref forwarding for Radio component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for RadioButton Component

* Setup prop and ref forwarding for Select component

* Setup ref forwarding for Spinner Component

* Setup ref forwarding for Stepper and Step components

* Setup props and ref forwarding for Tabs component

* Setup ref forwarding for Textarea component

* Setup ref forwarding for Toggle component

* Removed prop-types from dependency

* Setup ref forwarding for Tooltip Component

* Updated doc

* Addressed copilot comments

* Addressed copilot's comments

* 0.0.14-alpha.9

* Enabled corepack in all github actions

* 0.0.14-alpha.10

* Addressed copilot's comments

* Fixed esm exports

* Update size check for for all esm exports

* Fix imports

* 0.0.14-alpha.11

stories/1-Declarative Components/Menu/Menu.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as MenuStories from './Menu.stories';

<Meta of={MenuStories} />

# Menu

A component to render a single or multi-select menu. The value is a string (in case of single select) or
an array (in case of multi-select).

In case there are too many items to be rendered inside a menu, the `Menu` component can contain a virtualizer
like `react-window` which can then render `MenuItem` to ensure performance.

<Canvas of={MenuStories.Variants} className="canvas-background" />

```jsx
import { Menu, MenuItem } from 'no-frills-ui';

//render
<Menu>
    <MenuItem value="apple">Apple</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="orange">Orange</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="mango">Mango</MenuItem>
    <MenuItem value="Banana">Banana</MenuItem>
</Menu>;
```

## Props and Ref of `Menu`

All `props` and `ref` are forwarded to the native `div` element.
Following are the additional `props` added on top of `HTMLDivElement` props.

<Controls of={MenuStories.MenuProps} />

## Props and Ref of `MenuItem`

All `props` and `ref` are forwarded to the native `button` element.
Following are the additional `props` added on top of `HTMLButtonElement` props.

<Controls of={MenuStories.MenuItemProps} />

## CSS Variables Used

| Variable Name               | Description                                              |
| :-------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--nfui-border-light-color` | Used for `border-bottom` and `background-color` (hover). |
| `--nfui-text-color-dark`    | Used for text `color`.                                   |
| `--nfui-text-color-dark`    | Used for `border-color`.                                 |

## Accessibility

### ARIA Roles

- The `Menu` component uses `role="listbox"`.
- Each `MenuItem` uses `role="option"`.

### Keyboard Support

- **ArrowDown**: Move focus to the next item.
- **ArrowUp**: Move focus to the previous item.
- **Home**: Move focus to the first item.
- **End**: Move focus to the last item.
- **Enter / Space**: Select the focused item.
