stories/1-Components/Dialog.stories.mdx, before:

import { useRef } from 'react';
import { action } from '@storybook/addon-actions';
import { Meta, Preview, Props, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Dialog, AlertDialog, PromptDialog, ConfirmDialog } from '../../src/components';
import DialogDemo from '../resources/DialogDemo.tsx';

<Meta title='Components/Dialog' compopent={Dialog}/>

# Dialog

I deviated from how most other libraries manages dialogs. This Dialog component has no prop called `open`. Instead it exposes
`open` and `close` methods. To call this method, ref to the `Dialog` component needs to be used. This is because of my observation
that often we need dialogs only to show or get some small amount of information asynchronously. But to maintain
this asynchronous behaviour we have to juggle a lot with the state in the application and have to deal with multiple functions.

Exposing `open` and `close` methods, enables the developer to quicky wrap the dialog state in a `Promise` and thus the
developer need not worry about the dialog state at all and can get the result without having to jump between multiple functions.
I exploited this feature to create components for following common use cases to use a dialog.
- `AlertDialog` to show some static information to the user.
- `ConfrimDialog` to confirm if the user wants to proceed with certain action.
- `PromptDialog` to prompt a user for a small information.

Apart form these component, `DialogHeader`, `DialogBody` and `DialogFooter` are the additional components that are exported
from `no-frills-ui`. These only help with styling the dialog and have no other functional use cases.

<Preview style={{ background: 'linear-gradient(to right, #00b09b, #96c93d)' }} withSource='none'>
    <DialogDemo />
</Preview>

Lets look how these components can be used.

## `AlertDialog`

Inspired by native `alert` method.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { AlertDialog } from 'no-frills-ui';

const alertDialog = useRef();
const showAlert = async () => {
    await alertDialog.current.show();
    alert('Alert closed');
}

//render
<button onClick={showAlert}>Alert Dialog</button>
<AlertDialog
    ref={alertDialog}
    header='📣 Attention!'
    body='This is just a async function call. No need to manage dialog state in your application.'
    buttonText='Got it!'
/>
```

As you can see that we can simply wait for the dialog to close with just using `await`. Otherwise, we would have to keep a state
called open and also create a callback function which is triggred when the dialog is closed. This may not seem like a big issue,
but when you have to do it several times in a application, things add up.

### `AlertDialog` Props

<Props of={AlertDialog} />

## `ConfirmDialog`

Inspired by native `confirm` method.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { ConfrimDialog } from 'no-frills-ui';

const confirmDialog = useRef<ConfirmDialog>();
const confirm = async () => {
    try {
        await confirmDialog.current.show();
        alert('Thanks! Glad you liked it.');
    } catch (e) {
        alert('Hmmm! Give it a try at least.');
    }
}

// render
<button onClick={confirm}>Confirm Dialog</Bbtton>
<ConfirmDialog
    ref={confirmDialog}
    header='💭 Feedback'
    body={`
        The confirmation dialog is a async function call and results are returned via promise.
        This means that there is no need to maintain dialog state in your application.
        Do you think that this will help you keep your code clean and save time?
    `}
/>
```

This might be the most frequent use case for a dialog. Often we need to confirm user for a destructive action
like discard or delete. Similar to `AlertDialog`, here too we simply `await` for the response. If the user confirms
the action, the promise is resolved otherwise it is rejected.

If we had gone with the traditional approach, then again we would need to use a state to manange `open` prop for the
dialog and 2 different callback functions, one for success and one for failure. Thus, our logic would get fragmented.

### `ConfrimDialog` Props

<Props of={ConfirmDialog} />

## `PromptDialog`

Inspired by native `prompt` method.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { PromptDialog } from 'no-frills-ui';

const promptDialog = useRef<PromptDialog>();
const show = async () => {
    try {
        const resp = await promptDialog.current.show();
        alert(`Order placed for ${resp} products.`);
    } catch (e) {
        alert('Transaction canceled');
    }
}

// render
<button onClick={show}>PromptDialog</button>
<PromptDialog
    ref={promptDialog}
    header='Bulk Order'
    body='Thanks for your interest in this product. If you like, you can place order multiple quantity.'
    defaultValue='1'
    inputProps={{
        label: 'Enter Quantity',
        type: 'number',
        min: 1,
        max: 10,
        required: true,
    }}
/>
```

Like previous components, this too works on promise but when the promise is resovled. The value is
what user entered in the input box. Whatever validatons are provided by the native `input` element
can be used here as demonstrated above.

### `PromptDialog` Props

<Props of={PromptDialog} />

## `Dialog`

All of the previous components were created by using `Dialog` component. The working of dialog component
is similar where you need to use ref to get access to `open` method. However this method doesn't return
a promise. It simply opens the dialog. However, it takes a callback function as an argument.

There is another method called `close` which can be used to close the dialog. And whatever value is
passed to the `close` function, the callback function receives it as an input.

This component can be used to create other custom dialogs as per your use case. Like creating a login
dialog. To wrap the custom dialog in a promise, create a function that returns a promise. This promise
should call the `open` method and have a callback function which is passed to the `open` method. The
callback function will resolve the promise based on the input received. And on some user action on the
dialog, call the `close` function with the desired input for resolving the promise.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Dialog, DialogBody, DialogFooter } from 'no-frills-ui';

const dialog = useRef();
const openDialog = () => dialog.current.open();

//render
<button onClick={openDialog}>Open Dialog</button>
<Dialog ref={dialog}>
    <DialogBody>
        This shows up inside the dialog.
    </DialogBody>
    <DialogFooter>
        <button onClick={() => dialog.current.close()}>Close</button>
    </DialogFooter>
</Dialog>
```

### `Dialog` Props

<Props of={Dialog} />

Commit message:

Added Drawer and Modal components.

stories/1-Components/Dialog.stories.mdx, after:

import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Meta, Preview, Props, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { Dialog, AlertDialog, PromptDialog, ConfirmDialog } from '../../src/components';
import DialogDemo from '../resources/DialogDemo.tsx';

<Meta title='Components/Dialog' compopent={Dialog}/>

# Dialog

I deviated from how most other libraries manages dialogs. I took an imperative approach for this. If you are not comfortable with
this then checkout our [Modal](/?path=/docs/components-modal--page) component, which takes a declarative approach for the same user
experience. I did this as I feel that often we need use dialogs in an imperative way, where we just want to show some information to
the user or get some confirmation and need not bother about the state of the dialog.

Thus the Dialog component has no prop called `open`. Instead it exposes `open` and `close` methods. To call this method, ref to the
`Dialog` component needs to be used.

Exposing `open` and `close` methods, enables the developer to quicky wrap the dialog state in a `Promise` and thus the
developer need not worry about the dialog state at all and can get the result without having to jump between multiple functions.
I exploited this feature to create separate components for following common use cases to use a dialog.
- `AlertDialog` to show some static information to the user.
- `ConfrimDialog` to confirm if the user wants to proceed with certain action.
- `PromptDialog` to prompt a user for a small information.

Apart form these component, `DialogHeader`, `DialogBody` and `DialogFooter` are the additional components that are exported
from `no-frills-ui`. These only help with styling the dialog and have no other functional use cases.

<Preview style={{ background: 'linear-gradient(to right, #00b09b, #96c93d)' }} withSource='none'>
    <DialogDemo />
</Preview>

Lets look how these components can be used.

## `AlertDialog`

Inspired by native `alert` method.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { AlertDialog } from 'no-frills-ui';

const alertDialog = useRef();
const showAlert = async () => {
    await alertDialog.current.show();
    alert('Alert closed');
}

//render
<button onClick={showAlert}>Alert Dialog</button>
<AlertDialog
    ref={alertDialog}
    header='📣 Attention!'
    body='This is just a async function call. No need to manage dialog state in your application.'
    buttonText='Got it!'
/>
```

As you can see that we can simply wait for the dialog to close with just using `await`. Otherwise, we would have to keep a state
called open and also create a callback function which is triggred when the dialog is closed. This may not seem like a big issue,
but when you have to do it several times in a application, things add up.

### `AlertDialog` Props

<Props of={AlertDialog} />

## `ConfirmDialog`

Inspired by native `confirm` method.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { ConfrimDialog } from 'no-frills-ui';

const confirmDialog = useRef<ConfirmDialog>();
const confirm = async () => {
    try {
        await confirmDialog.current.show();
        alert('Thanks! Glad you liked it.');
    } catch (e) {
        alert('Hmmm! Give it a try at least.');
    }
}

// render
<button onClick={confirm}>Confirm Dialog</Bbtton>
<ConfirmDialog
    ref={confirmDialog}
    header='💭 Feedback'
    body={`
        The confirmation dialog is a async function call and results are returned via promise.
        This means that there is no need to maintain dialog state in your application.
        Do you think that this will help you keep your code clean and save time?
    `}
/>
```

This might be the most frequent use case for a dialog. Often we need to confirm user for a destructive action
like discard or delete. Similar to `AlertDialog`, here too we simply `await` for the response. If the user confirms
the action, the promise is resolved otherwise it is rejected.

If we had gone with the traditional approach, then again we would need to use a state to manange `open` prop for the
dialog and 2 different callback functions, one for success and one for failure. Thus, our logic would get fragmented.

### `ConfrimDialog` Props

<Props of={ConfirmDialog} />

## `PromptDialog`

Inspired by native `prompt` method.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { PromptDialog } from 'no-frills-ui';

const promptDialog = useRef<PromptDialog>();
const show = async () => {
    try {
        const resp = await promptDialog.current.show();
        alert(`Order placed for ${resp} products.`);
    } catch (e) {
        alert('Transaction canceled');
    }
}

// render
<button onClick={show}>PromptDialog</button>
<PromptDialog
    ref={promptDialog}
    header='Bulk Order'
    body='Thanks for your interest in this product. If you like, you can place order multiple quantity.'
    defaultValue='1'
    inputProps={{
        label: 'Enter Quantity',
        type: 'number',
        min: 1,
        max: 10,
        required: true,
    }}
/>
```

Like previous components, this too works on promise but when the promise is resovled. The value is
what user entered in the input box. Whatever validatons are provided by the native `input` element
can be used here as demonstrated above.

### `PromptDialog` Props

<Props of={PromptDialog} />

## `Dialog`

All of the previous components were created by using `Dialog` component. The working of dialog component
is similar where you need to use ref to get access to `open` method. However this method doesn't return
a promise. It simply opens the dialog. However, it takes a callback function as an argument.

There is another method called `close` which can be used to close the dialog. And whatever value is
passed to the `close` function, the callback function receives it as an input.

This component can be used to create other custom dialogs as per your use case. Like creating a login
dialog. To wrap the custom dialog in a promise, create a function that returns a promise. This promise
should call the `open` method and have a callback function which is passed to the `open` method. The
callback function will resolve the promise based on the input received. And on some user action on the
dialog, call the `close` function with the desired input for resolving the promise.

```jsx
import { useRef } from 'react';
import { Dialog, DialogBody, DialogFooter } from 'no-frills-ui';

const dialog = useRef();
const openDialog = () => dialog.current.open();

//render
<button onClick={openDialog}>Open Dialog</button>
<Dialog ref={dialog}>
    <DialogBody>
        This shows up inside the dialog.
    </DialogBody>
    <DialogFooter>
        <button onClick={() => dialog.current.close()}>Close</button>
    </DialogFooter>
</Dialog>
```

### `Dialog` Props

<Props of={Dialog} />

### CSS Variables used

| Variable Name | Description |
| :- | :- |
| --backdrop-color | User for `background-color`. |
