stories/1-Declarative Components/RadioButton/RadioButton.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as RadioButtonStories from './RadioButton.stories';

<Meta of={RadioButtonStories} />

# RadioButton

Wraps `HTMLInputElement` of type `radio` in a React component. There is also another component `RadioGroup` which
can be used to wrap `RadioButton` component to give a rounded border and a better experience on focus.

`RadioGroup` component is purely for esthetical purpose.

**Example with `RadioGroup`**

<Canvas of={RadioButtonStories.WithRadioGroup} />

**Example without `RadioGroup`**

<Canvas of={RadioButtonStories.WithoutRadioGroup} />

```jsx
import { RadioGroup, RadioButton } from 'no-frills-ui';

// Render
<RadioGroup>
    <RadioButton name="type" label="D" />
    <RadioButton name="type" label="W" />
    <RadioButton name="type" label="M" />
    <RadioButton name="type" label="Y" />
</RadioGroup>;
```

## Props and Ref

All `props` and `ref` are forwarded to the native `input` element.
Following props are added on top of `HTMLInputElement` props.

<Controls of={RadioButtonStories.Primary} />

## CSS Variables Used

| Variable Name            | Description                                              |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--nfui-primary`         | Used for `color`, `border-color` and `background-color`. |
| `--nfui-primary-light`   | Used for `box-shadow`.                                   |
| `--nfui-background`      | Used for `box-shadow` (inset) and `background-color`.    |
| `--nfui-border-color`    | Used for `border-color`.                                 |
| `--nfui-disabled-border` | Used for disabled `border-color` and `background-color`. |
| `--nfui-light-grey`      | Used for disabled `background-color`.                    |

## Accessibility

The RadioButton component is fully compliant with WCAG 2.1 AA guidelines:

- **Label Association**: The label is implicitly associated with the radio input through nesting within the `<label>` element.
- **Semantic HTML**: Uses native `<input type="radio">` which provides built-in ARIA semantics and behavior.
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Full keyboard support through native radio button behavior (arrow keys for navigation within a group, Space to select).
- **Focus Indication**: Clear focus styles are provided for keyboard navigation, with enhanced z-index management to prevent overlap in RadioGroup.
- **Disabled State**: Properly handles disabled state with appropriate visual styling and prevents interaction.
- **RadioGroup**: The `RadioGroup` component is purely decorative for visual styling. When grouping related radio buttons with a descriptive label, consider using a `<fieldset>` with `<legend>` at the form level for proper semantic grouping.

Commit message:

App Test Fixes (#46)
* Fix accordion to work as a controlled component

* Changed card to article

* Fixed issues identified during test

* Fix failing tests

* 0.0.14-rc.1

* Fix for react warning in Dialog and Modal component

* Enable overflowing content in card body to be visible

* Style fixes for SSR error

* Sync prop value

* Show display value from menu item in dropdown

* Optimized dropdown component to fix focus loss issue

* Fix popover tests

* Setting custom validity on input elements in case of error

* Added error text and custom validation in checkbox, radio, radio button and toggle components

* Remove error text from Radio and Radio Button

* Exporting error container from input and updated Radio and RadioButton doc.

* Fix react 18 issue in checkbox

* Sync active prop with state

* 0.0.14-rc.2

* Fix ChipInput to be compatible with Formik

* Chip input test for form submit behaviour

* Fix jest coverage report

* Update test for focus check in modal and drawer

* Updated drag and drop tests for touch events

* Added test in chip input to test drag and drop of chips

* Added test for refs in dropdown and tab key behaviour

* Added test to check overflow behaviour in popover

* Added tests to check arrow key behaviour in tab and stepper components

* Added tests in Drawer and Modal component to test restore focus behaviour

* Added Doc on how to use with formik and embedded codesandbox frame

* 0.0.14-rc.3

* Fix styles

* Fix unmount issue in notification

* Update notification doc

* Fixed toast create root issue

* Fix failing tests

* 0.0.14-rc.4

stories/1-Declarative Components/RadioButton/RadioButton.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Canvas, Controls } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import * as RadioButtonStories from './RadioButton.stories';

<Meta of={RadioButtonStories} />

# RadioButton

Wraps `HTMLInputElement` of type `radio` in a React component. There is also another component `RadioGroup` which
can be used to wrap `RadioButton` component to give a rounded border and a better experience on focus.

`RadioGroup` component is purely for esthetical purpose.

> **Note:** We don't render the `errorText` prop on the `RadioButton` component as
> `RadioButton` component act as a group. This error text is only use to set the
> custom validity of the `input` element.
> If you need to render the error text then use the `ErrorContainer` component.

**Example with `RadioGroup`**

<Canvas of={RadioButtonStories.WithRadioGroup} />

**Example without `RadioGroup`**

<Canvas of={RadioButtonStories.WithoutRadioGroup} />

```jsx
import { RadioGroup, RadioButton } from 'no-frills-ui';

// Render
<RadioGroup>
    <RadioButton name="type" label="D" />
    <RadioButton name="type" label="W" />
    <RadioButton name="type" label="M" />
    <RadioButton name="type" label="Y" />
</RadioGroup>;
```

## Props and Ref

All `props` and `ref` are forwarded to the native `input` element.
Following props are added on top of `HTMLInputElement` props.

<Controls of={RadioButtonStories.Primary} />

## CSS Variables Used

| Variable Name            | Description                                              |
| :----------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--nfui-primary`         | Used for `color`, `border-color` and `background-color`. |
| `--nfui-primary-light`   | Used for `box-shadow`.                                   |
| `--nfui-background`      | Used for `box-shadow` (inset) and `background-color`.    |
| `--nfui-border-color`    | Used for `border-color`.                                 |
| `--nfui-disabled-border` | Used for disabled `border-color` and `background-color`. |
| `--nfui-light-grey`      | Used for disabled `background-color`.                    |

## Accessibility

The RadioButton component is fully compliant with WCAG 2.1 AA guidelines:

- **Label Association**: The label is implicitly associated with the radio input through nesting within the `<label>` element.
- **Semantic HTML**: Uses native `<input type="radio">` which provides built-in ARIA semantics and behavior.
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Full keyboard support through native radio button behavior (arrow keys for navigation within a group, Space to select).
- **Focus Indication**: Clear focus styles are provided for keyboard navigation, with enhanced z-index management to prevent overlap in RadioGroup.
- **Disabled State**: Properly handles disabled state with appropriate visual styling and prevents interaction.
- **RadioGroup**: The `RadioGroup` component is purely decorative for visual styling. When grouping related radio buttons with a descriptive label, consider using a `<fieldset>` with `<legend>` at the form level for proper semantic grouping.
